I like to move it move it I like to move
it move it just to the camera thank you
sounds great so the deal is we have to
make up a new day and we came up with
Sunday Monday where we go and get
Sundays because of the summary of the
studio gets so spelter econ sweltering
down in the basement oh yeah so hot down
there let's just see you guys know we
have a for every day we have a certain
thing we do look good wait is it every
day now Tuesday's techno techno Tuesday
not having a job tues they got sick of
takeout yeah that's why way it's always
been technical we have we got too much
chinese food it's not exciting anymore
so now there we believe in a new
Dave ice cream works what's Wednesday
frenzy Oh Wednesday where we're Reds
decides to play techno again give it a
try and Rin went out on a date Rin had a
date we're talking about eight days two
days with the same tourism that's
awesome that's like extendo date routine
check so r and tell them about yes you
do a gentleman doesn't kiss and tell but
he can't hold hands so don't tell about
the kissing what we're saying and I am
NOT able to talk about my trainer I'm
not able to talk about the entirety of
my days this is true I cannot tell you
that we watched three movies
as a gentleman keep not allowed to talk
about that mad for Daenerys we SAT there
laughter well that's good at least they
weren't chick flicks like chickens whoa
there's a plus right there exactly
that's not well you know it's about time
it's about time yeah I'm turning around
I just haven't found a good spot turn
around why so you want to hear something
really funny yes ok so my my mom she
bought like and then later my mom goes
you all wasn't really loved expecting
expecting like a gamer girl that doesn't
wear makeup I was like thanks mom but I
she had a confidence to be getting on
the tracks picturing overweight hey hey
well it's a lotta the better than I
expected you to be able to get exactly
this so bad
I bet your wrists are pretty strong
after this huh yeah I'll bet you could
kill you could snap a man's neck with a
flick your wrist you know I haven't
tried recently not recently I'll check
it every consider its varying the body
that's been our best alarm oh that's the
stuff
hey char I shoot sweet cotton candy ice
cream extra sprinkles mixed in extra
sprinkles on top in a sprinkle cone
that's sprinkle tastic
where the heck is everybody
hey I thought we were going back to the
studio you just unilaterally decided to
stay no I'm all into unilateral please
drop a trilateral commission looked into
it we saw you throw up for the man and
then ran and I were standing in the
doorway for a while what would make Sean
feel like a chair craving no with a
sword you really good Sarah and we
realized that we had to choose
obviously you I figured out what we
chose you know this never would happen
on paycheck day no we're just waiting on
you just wait till the day after
paycheck net that's right to treat me
like I learned my lesson last time when
I knocked the tackle that's what happens
when your boss can't remember anything
for more than five minutes the man okay
you look like a board does this my look
genuine but the best chicken forces smut
it doesn't make sense what I've already
seen by looking did you like the one
we're doing that while you're on the
phone we're trying to be patient if so
we tried to force genuine smiles another
sound work if it so hard to make it look
me up
does this look warm is it in my eyes all
right do is a I'm smiling you know I
know much let's get us all asleep but I
don't care because you're welcome nice
give me some say guy here
someone will have to carry you to the
car no I'm not gonna do it it'll be fine
another family I don't think we have any
he's been important
what
too late I smile I